---
build: 151115
---

* [conemu#415](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/415): GetLastError returned `6` after WriteFile even on success.
* `Shift`+`Debug active process` allows to run debugger in a split.
  If menu item `Debug active process` is called with `Shift` key pressed,
  NewConsole dialog is opened (allowing to run debugger in a split).
* ConEmuC Debugger. Don't suggest to create MiniDump on MS_VC_THREADNAME_EXCEPTION.
* In some cases ConEmuC64 was started as server for 32-bit root process.
* [conemu#94](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/94): Gray window on PuTTY when connected via local proxy command.
* Correct condition for attaching console app started from ChildGui (from [conemu#94](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/94)).
* [conemu#419](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/419): Cygwin-friendly paths were pasted into Clink's prompt.
* Option ‘Suppress bells’ added to ‘Features’ settings page.
  It suppresses annoying bells produced by echoing char(7), Beep
  and MessageBeep functions. ‘Inject ConEmuHk’ is required.
  Instead, ConEmu window (Frame/Title and TaskBar button)
  will flash one time if ‘Disable all flashing’ is not checked.
* Let palettes list (TabMenu) will not be too long.
  There are 25 predefined palettes now, and if user creates
  user-defined palettes, the menu had unhandy scrolling.
* Detection of ‘Active process’ is almost rewritten.
  * Since now, ‘Active process’ is the last process started in console (same as before);
  * But process used to select AppDistinct options must be interactive. For example, you
    have defined AppDistinct settings, with palette `<PowerShell>` for `powershell.exe`
    and palette `<ConEmu>` for `bash.exe` and `git-bash.exe`. Than, palette will not be
    changed anymore when you just run `git status` from powershell's prompt, it will be
    changed if only `bash.exe` is started directly from powershell's prompt.
    That was impelemented to suppress colors flashing during non-interactive command.
* StatusBar column ‘Active process’ shows ‘Interactive’ and ‘Plugin is loaded’.
  * Asterisk `*` after process name: process is reading keyboard input.
  * Sharp `#` after process name: ConEmu plugin is loaded in Far Manager.
* Add ‘ConEmu Underlines’ and ‘ConEmu Background’ items to Far's F11 menu (panels, editor, viewer).
