---
build: 151015
---

* gh#21: Multi-monitor support improvements.
  * ConEmu takes into account monitor working coordinates when
    using same xml between different PCs.
  * ConEmu tries to guess the monitor where user want to open the window.
  * New `ConEmu.exe` switch `-Monitor <1 | x10001 | "\\.\DISPLAY1">`.
    Where may be specified either monitor 1-based index,
    or HMONITOR (hex descriptor), or monitor name.
    User may check these values in the ‘ConEmu About dialog’
    on then ‘SysInfo’ tab (Win+Alt+A).
* gh#368: Fix thread handles leaks.
* gh#353: Jump lists were created improperly if ConEmu was started with `-single` switch.
* gh#337: Convert pasted paths to cygwin's style if dropping files/folders from Explorer and others.
* On paste filepath by Ctrl+V (Paste first line of clipboard) convert path
  to cygwin style, if active application is cygwin/msys.
* Add `<ConEmu>` color scheme and use it by default (for new configs).
* gh#357: Fix ConEmuHk conflict with python's TKinter dropdown control.
* ANSI: Brightness (back/fore) was not reset in some cases.
  For example: `\e[96mA\e[36mB` - `B` and `A` had same color.
* Implement copying colored text using ANSI sequences.
  The feature works like ‘Copy as HTML’ implemented before.
  Option on the ‘Mark/Copy’ settings page,
  menu item ‘Edit’ -> ‘ANSI sequences’, and GuiMacro(3).
  ConEmu puts to clipboard **real** ESC codes, so only
  certain editors (or shells) are able to **paste**
  these sequences. Far Manager is working nice.
* Only active split was updated after choosing palette from DDCB.
* Improve bCurrentThreadIsMain detection in ConEmuHk (especially for cygwin/msys forks).
* Support ‘Drag&Drop’ from Settings/Colors page onto any place on screen (drag colored square).
* Use v140 toolset for ConEmuHk in ConEmuHk14.vcxproj.
* GuiMacro: `TaskAdd("Name","Commands"[,"GuiArgs"[,Flags]])`.
  Create new task and save it to settings. Example command for **PowerShell**:

~~~
  ConEmuC --% -GuiMacro TaskAdd "Far" @"set ""FARHOME="" & ""%ConEmuDir%\Far\far.exe"" /w /p""%ConEmuDir%\Plugins\ConEmu;%FARHOME%\Plugins"""
~~~
