---
build: 160217
---

* gh-541: Chinese translation (from @ulin).
* Maximus5/conemu-inside#4: Don't warn `ConEmu's parent window was terminated abnormally` if we have no VCon.
* Maximus5/conemu-inside#4: Don't show ‘Can't create new virtual console’ error if parent was killed during initialization.
* Maximus5/conemu-inside#12: Query GuiMacro result via callback function.
  ConEmuCD.dll and ConEmuCD64.dll now export `GuiMacro` function.
  <https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/commit/ffd3774eb037fb73828ff969464ef57a97dda1a4>
* Don't install hooks in `ConEmuC.exe`.
* ConEmuC internal `-echo` able to expand environment variables by `-x` subswitch.
  Example: ConEmuC -echo -x "Version: %ConEmuBuild%"
* Maximus5/conemu-inside#3: Write user-defined text to console on startup.

  Commands `echo` and `type` are processed internally by ConEmuC now.
  For example, it's possible to add into the Settings/Environment.

    echo -x "Welcome to ConEmu %ConEmuBuild% terminal^nPress Win-Alt-P to show Settings dialog"

  Alternatively, you may add `echo` or `type` before the command itself,
  when you create new console, or in the Task definition. Example.

    type -utf8 "%ConEmuDir%\Hello.txt" & cmd /k "%ConEmuBaseDir%\CmdInit.cmd"

* Implement `-Args` to show how ConEmu's command line parser works.
  Example: ConEmuC -args "Test1 & ^ "" Test2" "Test "" 3"

* Two double-quotes are replaced with one double-quotes in NextArg.

  So, the command:

    ConEmuC -args "Test1 & ^ "" Test2" "Test "" 3"

  must produce following output:

    1: `Test1 & ^ " Test2`
    2: `Test " 3`

* Changes in `ConEmuC -echo` feature.

  * Arguments are processed one-by-one, strings with special characters
    must be framed with double-quotes, two sequential double-quotes are
    replaces with one double quotes, multiple spaces between arguments
    are treated as single space.

  * If `-r` subswitch is **not** specified, than following replacements are done.

    * `^^` -> `^`
    * `^n` or `^N` -> (char)10 {\n : LF}
    * `^r` or `^R` -> (char)13 {\r : CR}
    * `^t` or `^T` -> (char)9  {\t : TAB}
    * `^a` or `^A` -> (char)7  {BELL}
    * `^b` or `^B` -> (char)8  {\b : BACK}
    * `^e` or `^E` or `^[` -> (char)27  {ESC}

  * If `-x` subswitch **is specified**, than `%EnvVars%` are expanded.

~~~
$ ConEmuC -echo "A1 "" A2"   "A3" A4"
A1 " A2 A3 A4

$ ConEmuC -echo "Line1^nLine2"
Line1
Line2

$ ConEmuC -echo -r "Line1^nLine2"
Line1^nLine2
~~~

* Settings/Environment has priority over console command line.

  Commands `echo`, `type`, `set` and others, defined in on the ‘Environment’
  settings page, are executed before commands, defined in the Task or console
  command line.

  So, if ‘Environment’ has following line

    echo -x "Welcome to the ConEmu %ConEmuBuild% terminal"

  And {cmd} Task is defined like following

    echo "Initializing {cmd} Task..." & cmd /k "%ConEmuBaseDir%\CmdInit.cmd"

  Than you'll see in the terminal

    Welcome to the ConEmu 160217 terminal
    Initializing {cmd} Task...

* Log system date on `-log` start and date change.
* Show (StatusBar) and log PID of started console server.
* GuiMacro: `WindowMode("HERE")` moves ConEmu to monitor with mouse cursor.
* Add hotkey for ‘Move ConEmu window to the monitor with mouse cursor (Bring here)’.
* gh-240: Create a workaround for ‘Maximum real console size was reached’.

  Looks like MS-Bug in conhost leads to abnormally large font set in real console,
  if tab was started As Admin in Windows 10 and Win-L pressed.

~~~
C:\ConEmu\ConEmu64.exe -basic -max -size 12 -visible -log -cmd {cmd (Admin)}
rundll32 user32.dll,LockWorkStation
~~~
