---
build: 160324
---

* Unify LogFile names: `ConEmu-gui-...`, `ConEmu-con-...`, `ConEmu-srv-...`.
* To start console as ‘System’ use `-new_console:aA` switch.
* Update {Show ANSI colors} and fit in 76 chars.
* Show compiler version and colorize output of `-Args`.
* Try to show and re-apply `-new_console:XXX` switches in ‘Recreate’ dialog.
* [conemu#581](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/581): Restart ConEmu after automatic update in the same directory it was started before.
* Update chinese translation.
* Update Russian translation.
* If ConEmu started with `-detached` switch, don't close it automatically when last tab is terminated.
* ConEmuC: Don't fall into `Press Enter or Esc to close console...` if invalid arguments were specified.
  This is critical, especially if our process was started under non-interactive account,
  than ExitWaitForKey causes the infinitely running process, which user can't kill easily
* ConEmuC: Don't fall into `Press Enter or Esc to close console...` if server was not connected to GUI.
  Avoid situation when `ConEmuC /ROOT` was started from running console (bare `cmd.exe`)
  and ConEmuC (our started server) was not connected to GUI, then we get infinite loop
  when ConEmuC waits for cmd termination and vice versa.
* Avoid ‘Unknown state’ appeared in the StatusBar during console startup.
* LogFiles may be enabled permanently via Settings -> Features -> ‘Internal LogFiles location’.
* CmdInit.cmd: Reset colors on each prompt (`$E[m`).
* [conemu#587](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/587): Fix text selection when cursor passes the selection anchor (changing selection direction).
* [conemu#598](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/598): Improve pasting options for `Shift+Ins` and `Ctrl+V` (multi-line text).
  Now, `Ctrl+V` will insert all lines, space-separated, and `Shift+Ins` insert
  multi-line text as before. User may change actions on the ‘Paste’ settings page.
* [conemu#101](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/101): Switch `-UseExport` may be specified before `-GuiMacro` to export result as env.var.
  Without `-UseExport` specified before `-GuiMacro`, ConEmuC.exe will not try
  to export GuiMacro result as environment variable `ConEmuMacroResult`
  to the parent process.
* Variable `ConEmuMacroResult` was skipped during environment exporting.
* Settings pages names localization.
