---
build: 170705
stage: alpha
---

* Cygwin/Msys connector is updated to version 1.0 (https://conemu.github.io/en/CygwinMsysConnector.html).
  Hooks are not injected into cygwin/msys applications if they were runned from connector.
  As a result some speed up execution and elimination of any BLODA conditions is expected.
  If one needs ConEmuHk to be loaded into some process, e.g. while starting
  non-cygwin application like cmd.exe from cygwin shell, they may use ConEmuC.exe
  as loader. For example, run "ConEmuC.exe -c cmd.exe" instead of "cmd.exe".
* Use connector in new default cygwin/msys/git-for-windows tasks.
* [conemu#1008](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/1008): Add hotkey `Apps+Alt+G` to group input for selected panes.
  So one may add or remove console to input group by activating it
  and pressing the `Apps+Alt+G` (configurable). Consoles may belong
  to different splits/tabs.
* Far Macro: ConEmu.CtrlNumber.lua to switch panel modes by `Ctrl+Shift+Numbers`.
* Use `Shift+LClick` or `Alt+LClick` to mark the end of selection.
  User may start selection (by `Shift+LClick`, `Shift+Arrow` or any other way)
  and after that extend it by `Shift+LClick` to clicked postion.
  To create block selection use `Alt+LClick` to mark one selection corner
  and second `Alt+LClick` to mark opposite corner.
  Inspired by https://superuser.com/q/1218047/139371
* Option ‘Use credentials for network resources only’ in ‘Create new console’ dialog (from Peter.Maksimov).
  Switch `-new_console:e` is available in Tasks and command lines.
* Create/restart console dialog redesign.
