---
build: 170517
stage: alpha
---

* gh-1039: Use `Win+Shift+G` as default hotkey for ‘Attach to...’ action.
* Add option ‘Leave opened’ in the ‘Attach to...’ dialog (Win+Shift+G).
  Would be useful to examine output of some long running script after it finishes.
* gh-1098: Add ‘Rename tab’ option for ‘Double click on tab’.
* Use ‘Rename tab’ as default option for ‘Double click on tab’.
* gh-1097: Don't count ‘System’ process as running process (close confirmation).
* Cross-click closing confirmation was not shown if ‘Confirm tab’=Off and ‘Confirm window’=On.
* Detach improvements:
  * GuiMacro: Detach(3) for seamless updating from Chocolatey
  * Try to set the console font to same size as ConEmu uses
  * No debug assertions
* GuiMacro: Close(2) is asynchronous now.
  This is because of GuiServer thread waiting for synchronous macro completion,
  but this thread is required to be terminated when ConEmu window is closing...
* Use Win7 TaskDialog for ‘Add default tasks’ confirmation.
* DefTerm: Take into account xml file specified by -loadcfgfile switch.
  Default Terminal options have to be saved by ‘Apply’ button on the settings page.
* gh-661: When ConEmu started with ‘-Detached’ switch (implied by DefTerm in some cases) option ‘Close ConEmu with last tab’ was unchecked.
  If old behavior is required, the switch ‘-NoAutoClose’ may be used.
* Admin shield was not shown on TabBar if ConEmu was started under Admin.
* Real console font size dialog: show hint if created font height differs.
* gh-1012, gh-1121: Dirty workaround for AVDefender/Bitdefender bug raising a crash in the RegQueryValueEx.
  Warning! ConEmu physically can't fix 3rd-paty bugs!
  This commit just skips process bitness detection if we already may be sure about it.
  But the bug/crash may appear in some other situations,
  so it's better to report the problem to the authors.
* gh-156, gh-805: Detach powershell console during Chocolatey's update ConEmu package.
* gh-1135, gh-1021: Create default tasks for Visual Studio 2017 and x64 targets.
* gh-1051, gh-1111, gh-1138: Workaround for Windows 10 bug with cursor position after CJK glyphs (Also: gh-1083, gh-1096).
* gh-1051, gh-1111, gh-1138: More Win10 bug workarounds (cursor position after CJK).
