---
build: 201101
stage: alpha
---

* Fixes for compilation with mingw64 on Linux.
* Add sample cmd script to `git push --set-upstream ...` using current local branch.
* [conemu#2191](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/2191): Alt+Space - show System Menu on key down.
* Update icon for nuget/choco packages.
* GuiMacro: WindowMode(TWidth) maximizes window width.
* Let `Win+Left/Right`, `Win+Shift+Left/Right` process by OS if window title/frame aren't hidden.
  This allows to use FancyZones from Windows PowerToys.
* Let's position by default ConEmu window in a normal position, slightly away from {0,0} screen corner.
  If window is started at {0,0} position, than Win+Left (on Windows 10) tiles window only on height-half.
* Fix ConEmu restore after snapping window to zone on the other monitor.
  If ConEmu was moved to different monitor during spanned (tiled) mode,
  minimize/restore moved the window to the monitor where ConEmu was in
  the normal mode previously.
* [conemu#2135](https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/issues/2135): Try to fix dpi assertion on computer wake.
* Fix assertion dialog and memory dump creation.
  Only two buttons left - Retry (creates a dump for report) and Cancel (skip the assertion).
  Retry button does not kill ConEmu process anymore.
* l10n: translations were updated
* Fix excessive resize on restore to maximized state after moving between monitors.
* ANSI and GuiMacro: Support paused progress state (yellow indicator on Windows TaskBar).
  ANSI sequence `ESC ] 9 ; 4 ; 4 ; pr ST` or GuiMacro `Progress(4, pr)` where `pr` is a percentage 0 .. 100.
  ref: [microsoft/terminal#3004](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/issues/3004).
* Don't use connector/wslbridge for Wsl by default.
